Ruolan, you beg for shame for me
To make you change your mind
He persisted for ten years
Bitter for ten years
I have been waiting for you for ten years
Finally got you back
What did you do when you got back?
You come back and beat him, scold him, even insult him
and
When he was about to prove his innocence
You smashed me and gave up
You deserve to be his mother in this life, right?
And you know what?
It's your blood that runs through his bones
Why are you so poisonous?
Why did you do this to him?
Because you are poor
Because you are all a bunch of lowly social underclass
Because it is impossible for Zhao Ruolan to conceive at all
Champion, my husband helps the nobles of the Three Kingdoms
Rich and powerful
My son was born into a wealthy family
And this year's Olympic champion
I am seven poor and rich
Mother poor child
Enjoying endless glory and wealth
And you, Zhao Ruolan, will only bring me endless shame